Oh
I'm going to show you how to make
chocolate truffles and this is a really
classic chocolate truffle mixture I'm
using a ganache which is simply a
mixture of cream and melted chocolate
I've got some nice melted chocolate here
dark chocolate and I'm going to use some
cream but I've had sitting out the
fridge just for a couple of minutes so
it's not quite fridge cold and my
chocolate i melted before and I've let
it come just a little bit cooler because
you don't want the mixture to split when
you add them now I'm gonna add a little
bit of cream and whip it in bit by bit
and this is going to make my chocolates
nice and airy and a little bit lighter
than some truffles
as you can see as I start to add it the
mixture immediately starts to thicken
you can add a little bit more and carry
on beating it
in with the final amount of cream
and what I've ended up with is a really
smooth glossy you can see how shiny
that's gone mixture but it's far too
soft at the moment to shape into
truffles so you need to chill this in
the fridge for about 30 minutes to an
hour now if you let it go a little bit
too hard when you take it out don't
worry just let it sit at room
temperature for a bit until it softens
and I end up with something like this
you can see this is set nice and firm
and now I'm just going to shape my
truffles so take little spoonfuls of the
mixture about this match and using nice
clean cold hands just roll gently into
balls and then I've got a couple of
different options to roll your truffles
in I've got some nice chopped hazelnuts
here and then again I'm going to make a
second one so another little spoonful
just gently shake the bowl it's good to
keep washing your hands in between
making a few of them because you'll find
it a lot easier it be less sticky I'm
gonna pop this one in some amaretti
biscuits that I've crushed up with a
rolling pin now I've made these
chocolates just plain but you can add
anything you like to flavor them it's
nice to add a bit of brandy or something
like that at Christmastime or add fruit
or raisins if you're making them for the
kids and you can even use milk chocolate
and that's an Emirati truffle and then
they'll need to go in the fridge to
chill again they'll sit happily in the
fridge for a few days if you want to
make them for gifts or something like
that
and that's how you make chocolate
truffles